okay so today we're going to show you
how to take the wheel off of a high ball
this is virtually the same way you take
it off all the bikes Vegas jackpot
hammer kingpin boardwalk they all
basically come off the same way what you
have is you have your axle nut here and
on the back you have the axle adjuster
there's one here and there's one on the
other side now depending on what exhaust
you have on when you take this nut off
you have to push the axle push this
through so depending on where your
exhaust is on the other side and I'll
show you in a second your axle may or
may not go through it may hit the pipes
so if you have stock pipes any any
manufactured pipe you want to make sure
that first if the axles going to hit
unfortunately you're going to have to
take your exhaust pipes either off or
loose quite a ways so that the axle will
go out so that's you know up to you on
what you got to do but the first thing
you want to do is you want to loosen
this nut up it's a twenty seven
millimeter nut if you don't have twenty
seven millimeter inch and 1/16 works
also it's just a hair loose on there but
it works so you're just going to loosen
this up you want to get it pretty loose
you don't have to take everything off
but get it pretty loose and again we're
doing this on a lift table you don't
have to a regular bike jack or work fine
you just want to get you know of course
the weight off the wheel now if you look
in the back here you can see you have an
axle adjuster there's one on each side
what you want to use is you want to use
a quarter inch drive socket like a small
socket set so that it'll go in there
okay and the one thing that's kind of
important you want to count how many
turns so I like to start with the
ratchet straight up and count how many
times you loosen that up because that's
going to help you get the belt back in
the right spot with the right tension
it's not exact but it's really close so
you're going to count like that's a half
a turn
that's one turn one and a half two and
you just want to try to keep that you
know just enough to get it loose you
don't have to unscrew that all the way
you're going to want to come on come
over on the other side and we're going
to do the same thing there's a half one
one and a half two okay so now what you
have is your belts should be a little
bit loose now you're going to have to
play around with what works for you to
get the belt loose so that you can get
it off the pulley but basically
everything is kind of loose now so
you're going to want to take your axle
and you want to tap it over a little bit
now if your bike folder that axle may
not slide real easy it might be hard
because it will freeze up inside there
have a little bit of rust corrosion that
type of stuff so you're going to take
your nut off then you have the washer
and then you have your little spacer and
if you look on the spacer try to show
you here it has notches on it that's the
kind of help you line up the belt I
don't really use that I go off more off
of how many turns I did but the notches
here corresponds with the notch on the
swingarm you're going to just tap that
axle through okay
now if you look on the other side you
have basically this stock spacer and it
has the same thing on it it has the
notches so you can line it up you can
see now what I'm talking about with the
axle coming out okay if your mufflers
and everything we're right here that you
would not be able to get that out so you
have to take the exhaust the mufflers at
least off so you can get that out now
some bikes you can kind of pull on this
and some you can so what you want to do
if you have a helper if you take a
little weight and you lift up on the
wheel see it'll come out but this is a
fairly new bike
so it'll come out pretty easy
okay if it's really hard
it's either corrosion or you have the
weight of the wheel hanging on that and
it's making it hard so if you lift the
wheel up just a little bit it'll take
the weight off of that now the one thing
that you're going to watch is when we
pull that axle out this axle adjuster
here you can see is loose that'll
basically fall out okay it'll not really
fall out but it will drop down the other
thing you have here is your caliper
bracket when you pull that axle out all
these things are going to kind of fall
down you also have a spacer in there
make sure you keep the spacers on the
right side so when you go to reassemble
everything you don't get confused to
which side it goes on because it does
matter so I'll go on the other side I'll
pull the axle out you can kind of watch
what I'm talking about there
see how that's getting a little bit more
loose okay so I pulled the axle out so
that's out now the wheel will still kind
of hang in there so you got to kind of
jiggle it a little bit and this is
definitely if you have a helper it's a
little bit easier
now if you come on this side I'll kind
of try to get the belt off because the
belts what's holding us up so you just
kind of pull we on the right spot and
pry the belt off okay there's a spacer
that fell out
okay so we got the belt off now and the
wheel caliper
there's the caliper just comes off you
don't have to unbolt the caliper off the
bracket everything will just come on
your spacer your adjuster is still in
there here's the spacer and you can see
how they're different sizes so what you
want to do is make sure you keep them
separate you know good way is put them
in a little sandwich bag keep all the
bolts on that side went in a sandwich
bag and all the bolts on this side so
now your wheel is basically loose just
take it out so it's not that big good
job it's actually pretty easy if you
wanted to take your wheel apart farther
you would just take the studs out right
here your pulley will come right off its
that easy nothing more take the studs
out sometimes they're locked tight it in
so you got a they may be hard to break
loose but that's all you do take the
pulley or take the bolts out and the
pulley will come off if you want to do
your brake rotor same deal you're just
going to unbolt these bolts here and the
rotor will come right off that's all
there is to take in the wheel off of
Vegas kingpin hammer even though this is
a skinny tire a jackpot hammer they're
all the same way they come apart the
exact same way so which now that we
showed you how to take everything off
the next one we'll do is how to put
everything back together thanks for
watching